okay so the Microsoft Surface event just
went down and they drop some really cool
stuff it actually makes me feel like
Microsoft is in the front like they're
the leaders right now of companies
making actually innovative and practical
stuff that people would want and would
use so I'm gonna start off with the to
kind of surprise products they have the
Microsoft Surface neo and the surface
duo both of these are dual screen
devices they're not foldable screens
they're just two screens attached with
the hinge but they look awesome the Neo
is a foldable tablet the duo is a
foldable phone and the hardware looks
incredibly well done it's thin it's
super portable it looks good when it's
closed it looks good when it's open
they've done an excellent job with the
aesthetics and that's really really
important for this type of product like
we've seen devices before that could
fold I'm not talking like the Galaxy
fold but we've seen devices that had two
screens that could fold shut but this is
the first one that looked so clean and
so nice and that's one of the reasons
why people are interested because it
looks so good now when they showed like
usage scenario they like they did a good
job with it like when you look at how
that person one is using it it looked
practical like it's obviously not for
everyone but I think a lot of people
look at that usage scenario and they're
like I could see myself using a device
like that in real life and it's kind of
contrast to what Samsung's Galaxy fold
event was like where they had a guy that
was trying to convey the use of
multitasking but just felt a little
contrived the surface neo usage actually
looks legit now app developers are going
to have to spend the time and effort to
create compelling apps for a dual screen
interface like this but I think it can
be done and I think this product is
gonna be cool the foldable phone the duo
the development for that looks tougher
like not that it's harder to make apps
for phones it's just that the practical
usage case of having a dual screened
smartphone isn't as clear but there's
definitely something really cool about
these foldable surface devices and I
just hope they gain traction so that we
can get to see some really cool stuff
being made for these types of devices
okay moving on to these surface laptops
so they announced a new 13 inch and a
new 15 inch device they both run USBC
but the thing that's most interesting to
me and for a lot of people is the fact
that the 15 inch model runs and
AMD chip so they claimed that that 15
inch AMD based laptop is running the
fastest or most powerful laptop CPU in
its class and there's some truth to that
it's just that the class that they're
talking about it has to be very small
because that chip in there is still a 4
core CPU both the Verizon 5 and the
Verizon 7 that they offer are good CPUs
but they're not like super powerful I
understand that even stuff like the
MacBook Pro like the 15-inch one and
stuff like the razorblade 15 they're
bigger and heavier laptops but they are
more powerful the 15 inch surface laptop
is kind of in a class of its own it's
got a 15-inch screen but it's super
super lightweight I also love the fact
that it's got this removable keyboard
deck and a removable SSD so people can
upgrade the drives in their systems
which is so much nicer than what Apple
has to offer even what the surface
laptops from the previous years have
been like repairability modularity it's
a nice thing they also have fast
charging on the surface laptops this
year so 80% in an hour which is a lot
faster than the current surface laptop
like these take almost three hours for a
full charge the surface pro products
service pro 7 been updated especially
with the USBC but nothing super special
there the product of most interest to me
if this entire lineup definitely surface
pro x that is a product that is entirely
focused on energy efficiency so it's
running these arm chips that are much
lower wattage yet still provide decent
performance and because of the energy
efficiency it can be super thin it can
have a small battery while still having
a 22 hour battery life it doesn't need a
fan it doesn't need a huge heatsink it
can do a lot of stuff that the regular
surface pro can't do just because of its
energy efficiency and they built the
entire product around that it's got this
really slim pen that fits into the type
cover and I think for a lot of people
this is a perfect product for them like
if you've been someone that's tried to
replace your laptop with an iPad but
just you couldn't get that workflow to
go nicely because you just were too
dependent on having like a file system
and stuff like that this could be it
just because of the fact that runs
Windows 10 and it even runs a binary
translator so that a lot of Windows
applications will be able to run off of
this ARM processor I think it's a really
cool product and I'm just really curious
to see what this thing looks like and
feels like when it actually comes out
okay
this is one of the most interesting
events that I've seen a tech company
drop in 2019 actually in in many years
actually they have a huge spread of
products that is interesting for so many
people like so I just want to do I think
this time around in the comments I'm
just going to spend a lot of time in the
comments just to see what you guys think
about these products like is there one
that's of particular interest to you is
there something that you want to see
like in more details of like I want to
hear you guys think okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you love to see you guys next
time